# Project 3 Prep

**For tessellating hexagons, one of the hardest parts is figuring out where to place each hexagon/how to easily place hexagons on screen in an algorithmic way.
After looking at your own implementation, consider the implementation provided near the end of the lab.
How did your implementation differ from the given one? What lessons can be learned from it?**

Answer:
The lab implementation place the hexagons using top right and bottom positions.
My first intuition is try to use for loop to draw the hexagon line by line.

The lab implementation is more efficient, and cleverer than mine method. When dealing with the
similar problem in the future, I can try to cut the complex problem into smaller part, and try to find
the regular, use the founded regular to implement the method easier.

-----

**Can you think of an analogy between the process of tessellating hexagons and randomly generating a world using rooms and hallways?
What is the hexagon and what is the tesselation on the Project 3 side?**

Answer:
I guess that room and hallway elements are the tilesets in hexagon. Creating the room is the process of 
tessellating the hexagon. Randomly generated a world is the process of generating a tessellating
hexagons.

-----
**If you were to start working on world generation, what kind of method would you think of writing first? 
Think back to the lab and the process used to eventually get to tessellating hexagons.**

Answer:
Try to create a single part of world, using rooms and hallways. Then adding the random seed, 
and then try to find the regular, and check whether the whole world can be generated by regulation. 

-----
**What distinguishes a hallway from a room? How are they similar?**

Answer:
More compex, they cant generate a specific pattern, because there are many combinations.
While the method of getting a smaller part at the beginning, may be similar. 